Hi, we're going to talk about the
worldly comedy of luiz biajoni fgv um
compilation of three detective novels
are narrated in the third person
novels are divided into scenes and not
in chapters in each scene the narrator
focus on a different character what
makes none of them obfuscate
during the narrative here none
character is at the service of another
quite the opposite, each of them has
your own goals your own
worries what is enough
interesting because it's very tiring
when you see in other books that
the characters are there just to serve the
a protagonist of the novel follows a
pattern
At first we do not understand very well.
any connection of the characters one with
the other and not what the events
of the first scenes honda but according to
people are advancing in the law everyone
realizes that everything really has a
Link
this story takes place inside
Sao Paulo is something I found very
cool of this book is as narrator goes
counting every hour a family at the end
You just meet the whole city.
just to show every little bit
of the city we get the impression
that this book has no tip
drop same characters that have less
highlight take your five minutes
of fame at some point no one escapes
Swimmer sharp tongue the police
government to church the sensationalist media
are unmasked all the time here
first novel about a girl who
ends up attracting her boyfriend with
own shopkeeper during a consultation with
second is about a married guy with daughter
who wants to make an exchange
sex to stay with a man that he
really love and third a wedding
arranged from a teenager with a
middle-aged pastor that is here is a
most original police book I've ever
I met
What annoyed me in this book here?
were the dialogues in each of the three
novels have conversations that are not
very much in keeping with the characters who
They showed us a criminal without
cute talking schooling using a
metaphor to complex a teenager
talking with colleagues talking about
words that have nothing to do with a
informal dialogue
that was one of the things that bothered me
a little but this type of situation does not
end the experience I had with
this book the author has created several
characters that were not simply
good or bad and was still very loud
souza treat the themes that are portrayed
in the stories as secretary who made me
read more than 100 pages per day
change will take four years
so that's if you like click
I liked the favorite video, sign up for
channel do not forget to visit the website until
the next